>> Mike North: Last step here is a check
to make sure our tests are passing, and
they are not.
So let's check out what our integration
test looks like cuz that's the one that's
failing, the login form integration test.
>> Mike North: And
here is the meat of this test.
It involves creating a login form
component, which looks fine to me, right?
There are no arguments we pass into this,
yet.
We then get the text content and
trim all leading and trailing whitespace.
And that checks out, cuz we can see that
there's no white space at the beginning or
end of this string, and
we expect it to be an empty string.
Okay, well, that right there is not gonna
align with what the real situation is.
We can also see that we have one tests
that checks the the login form component
used as a self closing element and
then one that passes something into
the element, this bought content.
I will only say for now,
this does not look like the way we
are using the component, in login hps.
So for now we're just gonna say, this
does not align with what we need to test.
But we'll look later at what
that means and how to use it.
So I have a kinda well practiced regular
expression I use for situations like this.
Don't need to necessarily copy it,
but it lets me make a more
meaningful assert here.
So I wanna trim the string.
But then I want to replace any
new lines that are surrounded
by any amount of white space, with a new
line that has no white space around it.
So this is what that regex looks like.
That's a space,
>> Mike North: And
I want any amount of it, and
then I want one or more new lines.
And then I want any amount of space
that might follow the new lines.
So this would handle 17 tabs,
and then 6 new lines,
and then 15 more tabs that would
all be regarded as one match.
And then the last thing I'm
gonna add here is g, and
that basically tells replace
that any of these that you
find take care of them all,
don't just take care of the first one.
And then I'm gonna replace those
with these simple new line.
Here's how that looks.
All right, so, this is already a lot
easier to assert against, right?
We've just stripped out
all of the white space.
Anytime there was some sort of new liney
white space thing, we normalized that.
We can also split it by new line.
And now we get a nice array.
So I can assert against that array and
it makes my test a bit more readable.
I do this because often I don't really
care about white space in HTML.
It's not meaningful for most HTML.
So I don't want that to
be included in my tests.
And this means that whoever
reformats the HTML or
add some stuff like it's adding a couple
new tabs is not gonna break this test
which is exactly what I want.
I'm being sure to use deep equal
because the shallow equal will
just compare, it will compare whether
like one array triple equals another
array with identical contents.
And that doesn't work.
So deep equal will actually iterate
through the contents and check
the individual members and their order and
make sure that everything checks out.
So there you go.
That is a very basic integration test for
this.
And we have reached the end of step seven.